Docs: Locked Token Staking for Node Operators (#75)
onflow/flow: docs/content/token/staking2/node-operators.mdx

_Note: This step can be skipped if the **node operator** has already configured their account._

Before the **node operator** can begin running nodes on behalf of **token holders**, 
they must configure their account. This account is referred to as the **operator account**.

The **operator account** will hold the staking capabilities for all **token holders**.

The **node operator** can configure their account with the **Set Up Operator Account** 
([NO.01](../transactions/#node-operator-no)) transaction.
This transaction must be authorized by an existing account that the **token holder** wishes
to use as its **operator account**.

## 2. Create a new `NodeInfo` entry

When a **token holder** asks a **node operator** to run a node for them,
the first step is for the **node operator** to provision a new node
and create the staking and networking key-pairs.

After this is done, the **node operator** creates a `NodeInfo` entry and adds it to the 
**operator account** with the **Add Node Info** 
([NO.02](../transactions/#node-operator-no)) transaction.

This transaction takes the following arguments:

| Argument | Type | Purpose |
|----------|------|---------|

> | **id**                | `String` | The ID of the new node. The operator is free to choose this value, but it must be unique across all nodes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **id**                | `String` | The ID of the new node. It must be a 32 byte `String`. The operator is free to choose this value, but it must be unique across all nodes. A recommended process to generate this is to hash the staking public key. |
```

_Note: This transaction stakes additional tokens to the same node that was registered in the setup phase.
It is currently not possible to stake to multiple nodes from the same account._

To stake new tokens via the `NodeStakerProxy`, 
the **node operator** can use the **Stake New Locked FLOW** ([NO.05](../transactions/#node-operator-no)) 
transaction with the following arguments:

| Argument | Type | Purpose |
|----------|------|---------|
| **nodeID** | `String` | The unique identifier for the node. |
| **amount** | `UFix64` | The number of FLOW tokens to stake. |

## Re-Stake Unstaked Tokens

After tokens become unstaked, the **node operator** can choose to re-stake the unstaked tokens to the same node.

To staked unstaked tokens via the `NodeStakerProxy`, 
the **node operator** can use the **Re-stake Unstaked FLOW** ([NO.06](../transactions/#node-operator-no)) 
transaction with the following arguments:

| Argument | Type | Purpose |
|----------|------|---------|
| **nodeID** | `String` | The unique identifier for the node. |
| **amount** | `UFix64` | The number of FLOW tokens to stake. |

## Unstake Tokens

> The **node operator** can submit a request to unstake the **node operator's** staked tokens at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **node operator** can submit a request to unstake the **token holder's** staked tokens at any time.
```

Author: I actually put "token holder" on purpose, since they're doing the unstaking on behalf of the token holder and I didn't want there to be any confusion
